Raw feedback:
- What is the use case for the product? Who will use it and why would they need/want to use it?
- How will users know how to operate the product?
- The UI is good
- How will you get all of this into Photoshop/GIMP?

What we took from this:
A lot of these points were areas that we had already been thinking about, but 
it was still very helpful to hear the concerns that an external party has. 
Fortunately, GIMP allows for Python extensions, so that shouldn't be too big 
of an issue. Additionally, many of the ML tools that we will be using also are 
written in Python. As for product operation, we will provide extensive 
documentation on how to use the plugin, and hopefully that will cover 
everything. The inclusion of presets will also make this much more 
plug-and-play, as users won't need to know exactly what is going on and how it 
works.

The question of "who" will use this is important, but so is the question of 
"why". Why is this something that artists would want to use? Of course, we 
can't guarantee that this is something that everyone would want to use 
(bringing up the whole ethical debate regarding computers in art, and whether 
generative art is truly "creative" or not), but we think this would be an 
interesting tool to manipulate images in ways that a human simply wouldn't 
think of. Additionally, we think it could be used as an inspirational tool. An 
artist could be playing around with some of the parameters, and something 
could strike them as being very unique or unusual, which could lead them to 
creating their own artwork based on the generated image.

We also considered some of the risks concerning this project, namely the performance aspect and the issues of neural networks in general. Performance might be an problem, because the deepdream operations can take a long time and utilize a lot of computer resources. The algorithms also might not meet the users' expectations, which we (and they) will have to consider. We included some discussion on these points in the new proposal document. 